# Data-Visualization-Project

A. Vaccination against Covid-19 epidemic started in Turkey. People are vaccinated according to their age range. Vaccination, starting with the elderly, continues the process. Universities are still closed, although the state says it is fast. Therefore, I plan to graph the total number of vaccines administered in Turkey. However, I plan to graph the people who received the first and second dose of vaccine. Since Ankara and Istanbul are the largest cities, I plan to chart those who received the 1st and 2nd dose vaccines there.

B. I will need information about the vaccine made in Turkey, so I need information published by the ministry of health. There is no information about how much of which vaccine is used. It only gives information about how many people have been vaccinated and how many have had their first and second dose vaccinations.
While preparing the presentation, I plan to use the Covid-19 vaccine information platform, which is constantly updated by the government, and the websites where WHO publishes Turkey data. The map is provided on the Covid-19 vaccine information platform. A different route is followed on the WHO website. The information of all countries is shared, but I can access the my country information.
One of the problems that I think I will encounter while preparing this assignment is that there is no information about how much of which part is vaccinated. We can only see how many people got vaccinated. However, I cannot reach the age range information of those vaccinated. For example, 20% of people over the age of 65 cannot access information that appears to be vaccinated. I can access information on how much the total population has been vaccinated. How many million people in the total population have had the first dose of vaccine, or how many million people have had the second dose of vaccine, I can access it.
Another problem is the inability to reach the preferences of the vaccinated people. How many million people have been vaccinated with pfizer or how many million have been vaccinated with synovac, I cannot access this information and I cannot access the number of vaccines available in the state.
